okay so it seems like everyone is
launching their own gentic framework
here we've heard for the past couple of
months that 202 is the year of agents
and certainly everyone's jumping in with
their own take on how to make agents and
in this video I want to talk about small
agents which is a simple library to
build Agents from hugging face that just
got released last week so to be fair
this is not hugging Face's first attempt
at making an agentic Library
originally they had the Transformers
agents and I'm showing you here version
two which was May last year but actually
version one I think was May in 2023 so
that's been around it really didn't take
off I think for a number of different
reasons and hugging Face seems to have
come back and rethought this and to be
fair they've rethought this in the light
of a lot of other Frameworks coming out
and people now seeing what works what
doesn't work where things get really
complicated where things are just too
simple all these sorts of things people
have been trying to work out over the
past 18 months plus for building agents
so small Agents from huging face is
certainly an interesting Library it's
got a number of key things that sort of
set it apart that I'm going to go
through here and then we'll have a look
in collab it's a simple examples of code
of how you can get started to try this
out Etc so one of the big advantages
that huggingface has which they're now
sort of really taking advantage of here
is that they've got all these
open-source models on their hugging face
Hub and this framework allows you to use
any of those models so they've actually
got it set up so that you can basically
call the models on the Hub now you will
be limited a little bit to what models
you can access depending on whether
you're a pro user like as in a paid user
user or not of hugging face but
certainly out of the box it seems that
they're using the quen 2.5 kod 32
billion models so that's definitely a
good model that you can use to get
started with this although I imagine a
lot of people are going to want to be
able to use things like deep seat codo
and stuff like that now you can use
proprietary models in here I will talk
about that as well if you want to use
open AI if you want to use anthropics
clae Etc all those things are possible
in here so let's jump in and have a look
so first off they start off talking
about what agents are and I feel like
this is getting to be quite repetitive
but certainly we're now starting to have
people Converge on definitions of what
these are so they talk about the whole
idea of agency of the sort of ability to
take action in here and I would say that
this is one of the sort of key things
that we've been seeing different
Frameworks approach this idea of agency
in different ways so if we go right back
to things like baby AGI and auto GPT Etc
the challenge with those was that they
had too much agency in that they decided
everything themselves they often didn't
have tools at the start even when they
did have tools they were just randomly
almost you going out there and taking
actions and this just meant a huge bill
for the amount of tokens Etc then on the
other hand we have Frameworks like
langra which really try to restrict the
agency of an agent so that it can only
do things that are on Rails and that in
2024 showed to be the much safer way to
build agents the much more reliable way
to build agents we're now moving into
the next phase as the models have gotten
a lot better over the last year where
people are now starting to think okay
maybe we can give some of the agency
back to these agents that we're building
in here so they've got this nice sort of
description here of the agency level of
what these sort of mean and then how
that's called right whether that's
basically you're giving them tool calls
so tools whether youve got multi-step
agents where they're going in a loop
where you've got multiple agents going
on here and you can imagine with things
like multiple agents we've seen that
being done with things like crew AI with
f AI with a bunch of other things that
are out there as well and I think the
big debate at the moment around agents
is really do you really even need any
sort of sophisticated framework you can
basically just use something that's very
light like pantic AI to do your calls
you can write all your tools and
functions and stuff like that in pure
Python and it does seem that the idea
here is that small agents is trying to
place itself in the middle of this of
where you can go both ways for this now
they do have a Graphic here of an agent
running in a loop where it's doing
executing different tools or different
things at each step and this is on the
upper level of how much agency do you
want to give an agent going through here
and you can see that a lot of the
patterns that they Us in here are very
similar to things like the react pattern
which I think I made a video for almost
two years ago so a lot of those sorts of
things haven't changed they have a whole
section in their blog post about when to
use agents when to avoid agents I
certainly would concur with most of what
they've got in here that for a lot of
things people do not need agents people
are making a big deal about things that
can just be done as a simple workflow if
you haven't seen the recent anthropic
blog post all about that I recommend you
go and read that I've put a video All
About That with some code examples and
stuff on my patreon for people who are
more interested in that but really the
only times you want to use agents are
when you've got some kind of dynamic
decision making that's happening in this
flow and the flow can change directions
right it can go off in different angles
and stuff like that so the big thing
that sets small agents apart from other
Frameworks that are out there is this
whole idea of code agents is that
they're really going back to the idea of
getting the agents to communicate to
itself in code and work things out in
code now they mentioned some research
papers to justify this well that one of
the ones that I didn't see that they've
included there is actually the pal
program AED language model and this goes
back to 2022 the latest version of the
paper I think is early 2023 but
originally this came out in 2022 I did a
video about this again we're coming up
on close to two years ago of the idea of
getting the LM to write code and then
use that to help it now that has been
Advanced a lot in papers like this code
act paper right the executive code
actions paper and what that paper really
showed us was that often it's going to
be better to get the model to use
something like python to execute code
and adjust any feedback with that so
this doesn't totally eliminate text and
Json Etc you can still put those things
in there but it also allows you then to
be able to pass back other objects it it
also allows you to take advantage of a
lot of these models that are being
trained for coding use now so I think
this is a really interesting direction
that hug andf face have gone here and
that the small agents team have gone
here is looking at incorporating so
they've actually got sort of code agents
and Tool calling agents in here okay
some other things just quickly they
really emphasized this idea of first
class support for these code agents that
these are thinking in or writing their
action in code and one of the good
things with that is that can be run in a
sandboxed environment so it looks like
out of the gate they're already
supporting e2b which is a nice way for
running sandbox code for llm apps and
agents Etc but they do also mention in
here that on top of the code agents they
still are supporting the tool calling
agent so you can use that if you want to
do something finally I mentioned earlier
that about the Transformer agents they
do I refer to this as being the
successor to transform agents and that
transform agents will be deprecated
going forward so if we have a look at
how they build these agents one of the
cool things is you don't require a large
amount of code to get going so you can
see from small agents we're importing
the code agent the duck Dogo Search tool
and we're importing this huggingface API
model so really what that is just going
to be able to use hug face models by
calling their API uh in there and you
can see we just instantiate that as a
model in here pass in the tool and then
we can pass something in and we will get
our response back it will decide whether
it needs to do multiple steps in there
it will decide what tool to call based
on what tools you put in there Etc as
you go through so to get this going
really you basically just need to pass
in a model and some tools and if and
like I mentioned earlier on if you don't
want to use one of the hugging face
models you can always use light LM to be
able to use things like open AI like
claes anthropic Etc now they have an
example in the blog post of basically
making a custom tool for this using the
Google Maps API and this looks just like
a basically a normal tool that you would
Define in most of the agent Frameworks
out there now in that you would use the
doc string to basically tell it that
you're using args Etc in this case
you've got your Imports in there it's
going to run through using this API and
then return back in this case just the
text from that API call and we can see
that to use this we've got a code agent
where we're just passing in this Custom
Tool passing in the model that we want
to use and one of the cool things is
that we can also pass in this idea of
additional authorized Imports so just
like we would want to restrict what
python packages get used in our sandbox
we can actually tell it that okay apart
from just using standard python you can
also use date time in this and you'll
see in some examples in the collab that
you can pick to use things like pandas
beautiful soup if you want to have it
automatically do some scraping and stuff
like that so you can make use of that
sandbox python environment to have the
code agent run various things that are
in there all right let's jump into the
code and have a play with the code and
see how it works actually in collab all
right so if we come into to the code
you'll see that this is pretty easy to
set up so they've got a python package
for small agents if you want to use
proprietary models or external models
that are not in the hugging face
ecosystem you can use light LM in there
because I'm going to be showing using
the GPT 40 open AI model I'm bringing in
a key for that as well you will need a
hugging face token key or you will need
to manually log in that's because you're
going to be using their
API for the actual llm calls so you'll
see that when we start out like this one
of the big things we're doing is
bringing in this HF API model so this
basically just means that we're going to
be using a model from the hugging face
Hub now remember these are not
necessarily models that are made by
huging face in fact the model that we're
going to be using by default is going to
be the quen 2.5 Coda 32 billion instruct
model in here but if you want to set the
model you would basically pass that in
here as an argument now to do that
that's why you need the hugging face
token coming in here all right so to get
up a simple agent unbelievably simple
right we just literally do from small
agents we're importing the code agent
we're importing a tool in this case
duck. go search tool and we're bringing
in the hugging face API for the model so
you basically just need a tools some
tools and a model to get this going you
can see that we're instantiating the
code agent in here which I talked about
before as being different than the sort
of traditional kind of Json agents but
you'll see that once we've got this set
up like this we can just do a run right
so I can do agent. run what is the cube
root of 27 and you'll see that sure
enough it basically passes this into the
quen 2.5 32 billion we get something
back which is it's going to execute code
and we get our final answer out in this
case it's three right and it's basically
come to that answer via running code in
here and it didn't use any it didn't use
the duck Dogo Search tool in there it
just used python as a tool and that's
pre-baked into it I'll talk about more
about different libraries in Python and
stuff like that as we go through the
next question I've given it is how long
does it take to drive from Melbourne to
Sydney so you can see here that again
now it basically uses the same model
because we we're using just the exact
same agent it's now decided that the
variables that it needs is travel time
info so it's going to do a web search
and the query is driving time Melbourne
to Sydney then it says okay let's print
out what we get back so we can see that
okay it's getting it's obviously done a
search got a bunch of different links
back they've got a variety of different
things in here for the distance you can
see here is saying around 8 hours 45
minutes for
880k there's a few that are a little bit
different and stuff like that but again
it uses that data now to come out with a
final answer of 8 to 9.5 hours in here
we can see the number of input tokens we
can see the number of output tokens for
each step and you can see this is like
Step Zero this is step one in here we'll
look at later on at the logs and you can
sort of log things out but just showing
you that okay these are the steps that
it took in there all right so now I
thought I'd give it something much
harder and I've asked it okay what year
should have I bought Bitcoin to invest
$11,000 and now have $1
million so again it works out pretty
quickly that it needs historical Bitcoin
prices it does a bunch of searches for
that and it starts looking for data in
here and it doesn't do a great job and
this is where you'll see where it fails
it writes a bunch of code in this case
it's failed now why is it failed if we
look at this we can see that the code
execution failed at line import requests
because I haven't allowed that as one of
the Python libraries that could run in
this so later on we'll look at how to do
this but you can see that okay because
of the following error import request is
not allowed authorized inputs are Q
random date time time stat and math
inter tools Etc right we've got very
limited number of python libraries to be
able to do this kind of thing all right
we can see though that it's worked out
some places that could probably get the
data it's trying different ways to use
the data even Json wasn't allowed so in
that case it didn't work out so it then
just F you'll see that each time though
when it fails it's basically trying out
a different way to do it in the end it's
sort of like okay let's just get some
web queries and print these out and try
and use those again we've still got
failures and eventually it just reaches
the max iteration so it comes up with
this table after five steps in here and
this is good that we can set this and
it's showing us in here I think
basically the prices over time
unfortunately it doesn't work out that
probably 2012 somewhere around $100
would have been the right amount for
that anyway finally it's step six it's
coming back you can see we used like
40,000 input tokens though and 5,000 it
does use a lot of tokens going through
this right that's something that you
will definitely notice in here all right
how could we improve this trying to
improve this is a few things that we
could do we could change the model so
here I thought okay let me try the Llama
3.37 billion instruct unfortunately this
model needs a pro subscription on
huggingface so maybe this is one of the
ways that huggingface finally gets
people to pay for their services a bit
more is that if they're giving away a
lot of tokens on some of these bigger
models notice we can use this model for
free but this one we can't in there and
then in here I started to add in some
different libraries so I added in
requests I added in bs4 I probably
should have added in Jason in hindsight
as well and now I asked the question
it's gone off again it's failed at
different times this time more it hasn't
failed because of the input requests or
the beautiful soup stuff it's just
failed for other sort of generic things
in here as it's tried to put together
this table so given a lot more steps it
may have actually gotten there right
like it does look like it's trying to
import a lot of these sort of common
libraries that are probably not that
dangerous to do this task but it hasn't
really managed to work this out and each
time it ends up hitting against this Max
iterations in there so perhaps the
answer here would have been giving it
access to more python libraries and
giving it more iterations to try over
time okay next up is proprietary models
if you want to use a proprietary model
you can just use the light llm model and
then pass in the model ID in this case
I'm passing in GPT 40 as the model I'm
also passing in Duck Dogo search and
I've just got the additional authorized
Imports is just math so I think actually
math is perhaps one of the standard ones
in there really perhaps you should have
a sort of set of these that you're quite
happy with things like Json like pandas
perhaps some string libraries Etc red
Jacks Etc in there okay so I've asked it
to calculate the same thing from
Melbourne to Sydney it's gone off this
time it seems like it's wanted to use
code more for doing this I am still
using the code agent in here and we get
some errors of where it's basically
getting multiple errors in here is
trying to fix up the errors as it goes
through I do find this frustrating for
some of them it be interesting to see if
you give it like the 01 model does it
get a lot less errors than this this
also could be that the system prompt
which I'll talk about how to change
later on is probably written more for
that quen model specific specifically in
here anyway after running into these
errors it finally just does the sort of
standard search and basically gets the
results back as a string and sure enough
then it's able to use those pass through
these and we can see the driving time
for Melbourne is approximately 8 hours
and 45 minutes to 9 hours so GPT 40
probably passing a very similar sort of
data comes up with just an ever so
slightly different thing I wanted to try
it also then with things like okay what
is the current price of a currency
conversion here so this is basically
converting from Aussie dollars to
Singapore dollars please provide sources
in your answer this is something that I
wanted to see also can it actually
provide sort of the sources of where it
got it from and again it runs into a lot
of these things where it will error
trying to run code in a way that it
thinks it should be right but it does
fix up from that and then goes back to
the the string
example out it is a bit frustrating that
it gets a lot of these errors it would
be very nice if we could save these
errors off and that your agent could use
this in the future and they do have a
thing where you could add things to
memory so that's something that I'm
certainly going to look at for the
future you could get something really
nice like Voyager where it's trying out
these different things and it works out
that these don't work but then it
remembers for the future not to do it
that way for the next call going through
okay finally it does go through and
finds information out for that it then
basically puts that into code and you
can see it's done quite a nice job of
getting these sources as a list of
little dictionaries for the sources
where we can see what the prices were
and if we click through on the URLs they
are actually working URLs and so it's
able to basically get that out and then
give you all of that information out so
you can see here I've just basically
copied it and pasted it into a text
thing we can see if we come to the
Bloomberg one it's slightly different I
ran this earlier on but it's pretty good
that it's been able to give me the
source and the actual correct
information there so that one I think is
quite a nice win and the idea here is
that just as we did this for GPT 40 here
we could use any of the open AI models
we could use anthropic models there's a
whole bunch of models that the light llm
package ual support so it makes it very
easy to basically use those models in
here all right so next up you've got
sort of tool calling agents so this is
more sort of reverting back to the
traditional sort of weather ones here we
I'm still using GPD 40 they've got a
dummy function here for get weather it's
going to return back the weather is
ungodly and rains minus 10 in Paris I
don't think it's anywhere near that bad
at the moment we can see that okay it
goes through and it just oper operates
on this just as if it was a normal sort
of react agent Etc where it's basically
getting the observations out and
returning those through all right
changing the system prompt if you want
to change the system prompt let's say I
set something up like this if I want to
see the system prompt I can just do
agent. system prompt template in here
you can see the entire system prompt it
is very long so it is interesting to
look at how they actually set up each of
these things and how it's got rules at
the end for doing this you certainly
could customize these for any sort of
variations that you want on how to get
the answer out Etc in here and we can
see looking at the end of their system
prompt you're going to owe some people a
lot of money if you have to pay a
million dollars for every right task
that the llm does in here all right just
looking quickly I didn't have a simple
way to count the tokens but you can see
count the characters like there's 8,000
characters in there that's a pretty good
size system prompt in there so to
override the system prompt you can
basically just set that in and when
you're instantiating the agent you can
just tell it that okay this is the
python interpreter that I want to use
this is the system prompt that I want to
use so if you wanted to use an external
python sandbox Etc I'm pretty sure this
is where you would drop that in in here
and then you would update the system
prompt for that all right just quickly
looking at the logs out if you want to
see the Imports at any point you can
basically just come down and do agent.
authorized Imports to see what's going
on in there and then if we do something
like this what are the latest articles
on Tech crunch you'll see okay it runs
off and does stuff if we want to
actually see the logs later on of what
happened in here we come in here and see
this and this includes everything from
like our system prompt in there to the
various things that we that's still all
the system prompt for quite a long while
in there down to the actual articles out
and links that it gave us back in here
didn't do a great job at this task by
the way you can also index in see the
agent toolbox and if you want to you can
actually sort of write in a summary or
in a memory from these logs so this
seems to be something that you can see
that we're using where we've got the
role user role assistant Etc going
through this and you can actually pass
in a thing where summary equals true and
it will summarize this or it can
actually have the full sort of memory of
what went on in there all right lastly
just quickly for this an example of
custom tools one of the things that
you'll probably want to use reasonably
quickly is custom tools and this is
pretty simple here what we're going to
do is basically we would inherit from
this small agents tool class and that
basically means that it requires a name
a description very similar things to
what we've seen for other it's very
interesting also that you basically
defining the input and the output of the
tool I like this idea a lot so that you
can work out okay do I want the tool to
return something back in a certain way
that the model will then pass it to get
out different information Etc and you
can see that we've got this sort of
forward pass here so we've got this
thing where basically we import the
different libraries for this tool it can
then basically go through this tool is
in their example we'll just go to
hugging face and look for the most
popular model I think or the model with
the highest number of downloads for a
particular type of use case so you can
see here when I ask it what is the most
downloaded model for text classification
it goes off and comes back that okay
just still B is the model that's the
most downloaded for classification in
there and we can see that it's very easy
to use once you actually Define this
model you can use it in your agents and
stuff like that another thing that was
very interesting is it looks like you
can also push your tools to the hugging
face Hub they're probably going to
benefit from the fact that a lot of
people will just upload tools as they
make them and then people will be able
to use tools from The Hub and import
those as you go along so I think that's
going to be an interesting area to see
okay what do people make and as people
push those tuing face how do they
actually work etc all right I'll leave
it there for this video certainly one of
the things I didn't cover which maybe we
could do another video about if people
are interested is the whole sort of
multi-agent element of this is that you
can do a sort of similar to maybe like a
crew aai thing where you have a manager
agent that manages other agents and
delegates to other agents in there so I
think that's probably worth doing its
own video about and perhaps something
around a gentic rag with that as well in
here I'd love to hear from you any other
ideas that you think would be make some
good examples for agents I'm certainly
going to play with this more I do think
it shows a lot of promise I'm curious to
see how much support does it get going
forward it would be nice to have some
support Beyond just light llm for things
I'm not sure exactly how well light llm
supports things like the anthropic
models on Bedrock on gcp but that's
something that I'm going to definitely
check out now with this and try and see
how it actually goes my only concern at
the moment is that it tends to make a
lot of mistakes at the start of doing
certain tasks when you're using the
coding agent and I wonder how well those
are being stored to actually learn from
those for new agent runs so that's one
of the things so whether you get around
that by making custom tools to do
exactly what it is that you want but
it's certainly going to be interesting
to see where this goes it really does
open up the whole agentic thing to
having more agency than a lot of the
sort of traditional things like Lang
graph Etc but maybe still having some
more control over it as opposed to
things like crew AI anyway I'd love to
hear in the comments what you think
about it if people have got questions or
anything please post them there I will
probably end up doing a few sort of
follow-up videos for this so if you've
got any ideas for those please post them
below and I may do some head head
comparisons to show some of those things
off anyway as always if you found the
video useful please click like And
subscribe and I will talk to you in the
next video bye for now